Remove SIMPLE from CSS (#38558)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_shapes/from_box_values/index.md

## When to use box values

> Using box values is a way to create shapes; however, this is by nature only going to work with very basic shapes that can be defined using the `border-radius` property. The examples shown above show one such use case. You can create a circular shape using `border-radius` and then curve text around it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using box values is a way to create shapes; however, this naturally works only with very basic shapes that can be defined using the `border-radius` property. The examples shown above show one such use case. You can create a circular shape using `border-radius` and then curve text around it.
```
